1) Which field of the Customers table is the primary key?
==> CNUM field is most likely the primary key. 
This is because:
It contains unique values for each customer (e.g., 2001, 2002, etc.).
It represents a unique identifier for each row, which is a typical characteristic of a primary key.
A primary key ensures that no two rows in a table can have the same value for that column, and it cannot be NULL.

2) What is the 4th column of the Customers table?
==> Rating

3) What is another word for row? For column?
==> Rows are also called as tupples and column are also called as attributes.

4) Why isn’t it possible to see the first five rows of a table?

==> In a DBMS, data is stored inside a file
Inside a file, rows are stored sequentially
In Dbms; there is concept of row numbering
In RDBMS, table is not a file; every row is a file
In RDBMS, rows of the table are not stored squentially; they are not stored in any specific order
Rows of the table are scattered (fragmented) all over the DB Server HD
The reason why RDBMS does this is to spend up the INSERT statement
In a multi-user environment, when multiple users are inserting rows in the same table simultaneously, if MySQL were to store the rows sequentially, then the INSERT statements would be very slow
When you INSERT a table, wherever MYSQL finds the free space in the DB Server HD, it will store the row there
When you SELECT from a table, the searching is sequential 
When you SELECT from a table, the order of rows in the output depends on the row address; it will always be in ascending order of row address
Once you INSERT a row, the row address is constant
When you UPDATE a row, if the row length is increasing and the free space is not available, then the entire row is moved to some other address on the DB Server HD
Later when you SELECT from the table, you may see that row at some other location
Its only in the case of VARCHAR that the row length may increase or decrease
Hence it is not possible to see the first 'N' rows of a table, or the last 'N' rows of a table
this is common for all RDBMS